you said The TEE is simulated. what is TEE. can we make it real?

what is Our A/B/C responseClass is a stylization, not
  the
    official MOSAIC ladder

what is The forecaster itself is a deterministic toy

also this sounds good. I just want to make sure we document these as part of our overall design.

so we can preface that with what i have in mind oabout this hackathon project.

so i see a strong gap in the field right now due to the fast growing demands of ai compute and the fundamental lagging of the power infrsastructure, creating a urgent need for coordinating and alignment of stakeholders in this process and the public regulations to ensure things are aligned with the development needs, environmental concerns, and the power stability requirements.

the key challenge  i see is information assymetry and the barrier of information sharing due to privacy concerns and business concerns that may hinder full alignment and coordination required in big planning. we should mention existing practices like NDA and why they are not enough, either from a technical planning perspective or from the business practice perspectives. we can also cite some similar business models in other industry where having a third party trusted platform would much better facilitate the process. also we should be very clear about the fact that we claim to be the third party, but how do they trust us to hold all these informaiton. i think that's the tricky part. maybe it's better to say utility companies will host these tools, and there is a version that the requester company can use wthat helps them process all the data locally so they can actually review what is being shared that are relvant to the utility companies by themselves before sharing them. like no data will be collected  by utility companies or our platforms. also they can also see what will be shared by the regulators. again they are the ultimate gatekeeper that no sensitvie information will be shared. so in this aspect, i'm thinking maybe website is not the best form to collect those data. maybe a local software that they can install and fire up would be best, that directly prodduce those required informaiton. so that software can be really fancy, and easy to work with and will replace the web demo. it can also plug in the ai agent aspects. this way we eliminate the needs for us to be the trusted partner but really have this on top of the NDA with the utilityu companies, so basically it is something that utility companies can share with the power companies  and the NDA still can be signed. so it is an add on

of course we also need to think about the business models here. we can just hand this to the utility company. we can also provide some custom design based on the ai company requests to custom design this per reqeust. but etiher way not sure cause it's between big companies. so i guess the customers will be quite small and niche.

anyway,  wea slo need to flush out some concrete scenarios, led with the pain point we want to solve and how we solve it. 

we should also have a concrete way to show the benefits of our technology. like in terms of privacy leakage, or in terms of planning efficiency. here we are going to need simulated numbers, but it needs to be justifieable with grounding.